docs: new requirement for PRs (#10579)
argoproj/argo-workflows: .github/pull_request_template.md

Please do not open a pull request until you have checked ALL of these:

* [ ] Create the PR as draft.
* [ ] Run `make pre-commit -B` to fix codegen and lint problems.
* [ ] Sign-off your commits (otherwise the DCO check will fail).
* [ ] Use [a conventional commit message](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/) (otherwise the commit message check will fail).

> * [ ] Describe what you did. It makes it more difficult for reviewers and adds time if they need to go through a long thread from the original issue or otherwise decipher the change that was made.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [ ] Describe why and what you did. For example, summarize the original issue, and explain how your fix addresses that.
```
